That he didn't indulge himself just a little bit.
But clearly jeffrey holtz cared about the 4200 residents of hinsdale, even if those
closest with him did not see this coming.
All of it went to the town. he did have some unusual characteristics or different characteristics
i guess. the town says they plan to spend the money, quote, frugally like mr
holt did. lionel, allison, how would you guys spend four million dollars?
I say half to charity, the other half on vacation. and food, lots of food.
That's what's making news in america this morning.
Right now on america this morning, weather posing an extra challenge.
For millions traveling for the holiday, heavy rain, wind, snow and even a tornado.
And timeout, today's conditions. also this morning, the fiery plane crash.
And in alaska, extreme weather triggering this deadly landslide.
Children are among the missing. breaking overnight, hostage